# MangroveConservation
 
Mangrove forest, which has provided multiple ecosystem services to human beings such as economic incentives, coastal resilience and high carbon storage((Richards & Friess, 2016), is a significant type of ecosystem. It has been negatively affected by markets as international demand for commodities increase such as palm oil, farmed fish and agriculture cultivation from remote-sensing images during the past two decades. Government and Nongovernmental organization have started mangrove conservation for years. However, no matter how strong and how many strategies are implemented, the tendency of mangrove biodiversity loss has never stopped (Game et al.2014). Therefore, it has been key questions on how to identify and foster more sustainable modes of land-use that can maintain food production and achieve accessibility goals for the society’s food security while conserving the nature and secure lives for the non-human part of the world in an equitable and justice manner.

Local land-use decisions are increasingly caused by and moderated through capital flows, markets, information flows and other distant actors (Liu et al. 2013). As regions become more interconnected, we should identify effective strategies for balancing the challenge of resource use and conservation, which always plays out locally but are increasingly linked to distal causes. This approach to view conservation problem is important in mangrove case because mangrove conservation efforts starts from the push for biodiversity conservation led by international organizations from external sources. These movements happen with the increasing perceptual acknowledgement of the significance of mangrove forest on providing various ecosystem services (Fairhead et al. 2012) to human beings. Therefore, it would be interesting to see how different ideologies in mangrove conservation are flowing between systems. Our key questions of this research are as below, a) What’s the values/perceptions in mangrove conservations? b) How people’s values are changing along with time? c) Does that align with government/non-government policy and actions and turn into conservation success?

References:

Dietz, T. (2013). Bringing values and deliberation to science communication. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, 110(Supplement_3), 14081–14087. https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1212740110 Friess, D. A. (2016). Ecosystem Services and Disservices of Mangrove Forests: Insights from Historical Colonial Observations. Forests, 7(9), 183. https://doi.org/10.3390/f7090183 Friess, D. A., Rogers, K., Lovelock, C. E., Krauss, K. W., Hamilton, S. E., Lee, S. Y., Lucas, R., Primavera, J., Rajkaran, A., & Shi, S. (2019). The State of the World’s Mangrove Forests: Past, Present, and Future. Annual Review of Environment and Resources, 44(1), null. https://doi.org/10.1146/annurev-environ-101718-033302 Friess, D. A., Thompson, B. S., Brown, B., Amir, A. A., Cameron, C., Koldewey, H. J., Sasmito, S. D., & Sidik, F. (2016). Policy challenges and approaches for the conservation of mangrove forests in Southeast Asia. Conservation Biology, 30(5), 933–949. https://doi.org/10.1111/cobi.12784 Friis, C. (2019). Telecoupling. Springer Berlin Heidelberg. Liu, J., Hull, V., Batistella, M., DeFries, R., Dietz, T., Fu, F., Hertel, T., Izaurralde, R. C., Lambin, E., Li, S., Martinelli, L., McConnell, W., Moran, E., Naylor, R., Ouyang, Z., Polenske, K., Reenberg, A., de Miranda Rocha, G., Simmons, C., … Zhu, C. (2013). Framing Sustainability in a Telecoupled World. Ecology and Society, 18(2). https://doi.org/10.5751/ES-05873-180226 Richards, D. R., & Friess, D. A. (2016). Rates and drivers of mangrove deforestation in Southeast Asia, 2000–2012. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, 113(2), 344–349. https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1510272113